three anniversaries in 2012 celebrates the shepherd
Group 60 years of expertise in the
steel processing
75 years fritz schäfer gmbh
60 years em w steel service center 50
years shepherd works star competence
three locations main administration and
plant installations of the shepherd plants and bmw
on the Tannenberg in Neuenkirchen plant
betzdorf
dressed up in the Czech Republic
the mwz with the most modern gap and
multiplexing equipment and one
pre-fabricated warehouse of over 100,000 tons
to the largest dax independent steel
service center europe the
Competence center for fine sheet metal
over many years of non-delivery on both
the world's purchasing side as well
on the sales side to leading steel
processing companies over
For decades, the em w w orks her
delivery program with qualitative
higher quality on special
industries
Shepherd hole plates is in his
Market segment with wide presses all
equipped with brooms and smells
facilities and far more than 400 holes
Pictures of one of the leading providers of
quality perforated plates next to the front
Material steel also includes hole plates
made of aluminum and other metals
PRODUCT rANGE
A special strength is the punching of
croy
Shepherd perforated sheets are distinguished
by highest standards in
Material availability quality
flexibility and delivery speed
schaefer has been around for decades
container systems in the
beverage industry as the reputation
innovation leader in the tech industry
Developed
through close and intensive customer contact
and through market-leading product systems
is the company in the beverage market
firmly established
Schaefer Container Systems is worldwide
active and counts the national and
leading international brewery groups
medium-sized series softdrink
providers like coca cola and pepsi as well
big leg bottler to his customers
Beyond the drinks area has become
Schaefer also as a manufacturer of ABC and
Special containers made of stainless steel
made names
in the czech republic
different heated or
unheated adc and special containers for
Bulk liquid and pasty substances
developed and manufactured
also special aseptic stainless steel
container for the food industry
belong to the scope of delivery
at shepherd furnishing systems lies
the focus from the beginning up
development and production quality
high quality steel furniture for office and
administration as well as workshop and operation
this will be the whole system program
from material cabinet over office and hanging
Registry cabinets all the way to
complex workbench programs on
location ensdorf manufactured
t systems is one of the leading companies
providers of server racks
and air conditioners for the contemporary and
energy-efficient operation of
Data centers of every size
although the core business is still
products made of fine sheet forms offers
shepherd it-systems now too
comprehensive services as well as the
realization of complete data center
projects
the competence in
schäfer
his know how also as a special housing
farmer available
as a system supplier for the industry
constructs and produces the youngest
business sector shepherd industry
housing in the factory betzdorf
custom punching and bending technology
fairings special and standard
housing solutions as well as complex
steel assemblies
more than 850 motivated employees
and employees are the key to
success of our thinking and acting based
on a firmly anchored
quality awareness tradition and
innovation is our daily drive
Shepherd works in
steel processing